Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The temperature okay back there?
Is it. uh. too cold
or too hot or...
Temperature's fine.
Just fucking drive.
House
cameras are down.
See y'all on the other side.
Yes. sir.
Eye in the sky.
In position.
They tell you whose
house this is?
Mm-mm.
Yeah. Me. neither.
Hmm. let's go.
- How do I look?
- Hmm.
Oh. fuck.
So... you got a boyfriend or...
something like that?
♪ Every
time you drive by ♪
♪ But you're so into me
you don't ever ask why ♪
♪ You know I got paper
'cause I'm a D-Boy ♪
♪ You a B-Girl.
glamorous lifestyle ♪
♪ Rocks on the wrist.
big dreams. nice cars ♪
♪ You wanna live life ♪
♪ With a rich rock star... ♪
Front door is clear.
We're in.
Tiny Dancer is arriving.
Hey. No one said it was a kid.
Oh. no one said that?
It's a fucking kid.
You want to walk? Walk.
Yeah. what's what I thought.
Get in position.
You. over there.
Hi.
It was good.
Yeah.
I had fun.
Yeah. I think so.
No. not yet.
Yeah.
Yeah. it's fine.
Okay. Bye.
Oh. fuck!
Help me. somebody! Help me!
Little bitch!
I can't breathe!
Incoming.
Could be the father.
Fuck. That's not
part of the plan.
Shit.
Ten seconds
till they at the door.
Should I take the shot?
Negative.
We'll be out in nine.
Good luck.
Abigail?
Abigail!
Need a new
pickup. Back gate.
On it.
All right. I
think we're in the clear.
Oh. fuck!
Open the gate. assholes.
All right. kids.
We're not out of the woods yet.
We still got to get
out of the city.
She okay?
Yep. she's good. Blindfold?
Jesus!
Let me see.
- Fuck.
- It's not too bad.
Thank you.
You grab me like that again.
I may have to respond.
Understood.
Okay. there's cameras
at this intersection.
Take a left down the
alley before the light.
- Did you hear me?
- Yep.
- Not bad.
- I know. right?
What's your name. anyway?
Hey. No names.
You know the fucking rules.
All clear from here
to the destination.
All right. Y'all might want
to hold on to something.
It's about to get real
accelerated in this bitch.
Yeah. baby!
We did that shit. y'all!
Home free.
Yee!
♪ I know you see me right
here every time you drive by ♪
♪ But you're so into me
you don't ever ask why ♪
♪ You know I got paper
'cause I'm a D-Boy ♪
♪ You a B-Girl.
glamorous lifestyle ♪
♪ Rocks on the wrist.
big dreams. nice cars ♪
♪ You wanna live life
with a rich rock star. ♪
What the fuck?
Hello.
What's up. boss?
You made good time.
Mm.
Whose house is this?
This place
is pretty sweet.
You like this?
Yeah. look at all
this cool shit.
Hmm.
Find a room and get
the girl situated.
Set up a lookout position.
Meet back here in five.
For those of you who don't
know. I go by Lambert.
You all came
highly recommended.
And so far. those
recommendations are paying off.
All right. Sweet dreams. Okay.
You know the rules.
No real names. no backstories.
and keep the grab-ass
to a minimum.
It's a 24-hour job.
and the hard part
is already over.
Now you babysit.
But the only one that
sees the girl is this one.
So she only hears one voice.
The rest of you...
get comfortable.
- Questions?
- Yeah. Who's the girl?
You don't need
to know her name.
I don't care about her name.
Whose kid is she?
- The fuck's that matter to you?
- A very wealthy man
who's about to be
$50 million poorer.
Look. you're safe here.
And to be completely certain
that you can't be tracked.
I'm going to collect
your cell phones.
Nobody's tracking me.
We're not taking any
chances. Give 'em over.
In the bag.
Bullshit. man.
One second. I just gotta
send this real quick.
Just...
Thank you. Just... Okay.
Thank you.
Keep the doors locked
and the girl isolated.
Anything else I can do for
you before I leave you to it?
Uh. how come we can't
use our real names?
So if any of you
fucks get caught.
you can't rat out the others.
Yeah. dumbass.
You asked the same
question in the van.
You want names?
Fine.
Frank. Dean.
- Sammy. Peter.
- Peter...
- Joey and...
- Damn.
The man got his finger on
the pulse of pop culture.
And you're Don fucking
Rickles. You happy?
Not really.
Who the fuck is
Don Rickles. man?
There's clean bedding and
lit fires in the rooms.
Kitchen's fully
stocked. so is the bar.
See you in 24 hours.
my lovely pack of rats.
Rats?
Why'd he... How come
he called us rats?
♪ Goodbye. good luck.
God bless you... ♪
Man. this
place is dope. right?
No. No. it's
not. Thank you.
Come have a drink with us. Joey.
Gotta go check on the kid soon.
Maybe after.
No party poopers
allowed. anyway.
Hey. Who do you
guys think that. uh.
- this girl's father is?
- Hmm. some tech billionaire.
Nah. Probably real estate.
Nah. you don't get
a house like that
without being into some shit.
Weapons. drugs...
human trafficking.
What about you. Joey?
Who you think he is?
America's dad. Tom Hanks.
Ha. ha.
Let me get a piece
of that candy.
Get your own.
Fuck you. too.
You grew up with a bunch of
brothers and sisters. huh?
I'm like a expert
at reading people.
Oh. really?
Mm-hmm.
You like a nanny
or a babysitter.
looking after that kid.
Your man here is the bagman
for that dude who
let us in the door.
Lookout/private security.
Explosives man in the back.
and a little teenage
runaway hacker
turned black hat for the feds.
Wow.
You might be the least
perceptive person
I've ever met.
How the fuck would
you know that?
You literally got nothing right.
About anyone.
Pretty sure she
ran away from home.
Crisp $100 bill.
you can tell me one
true thing about me.
Pass.
Mm-hmm.
Told y'all she ain't know shit.
You used to be a cop.
No way.
Did he arrest you or something?
No.
It's the stance.
The walk. The shoes.
Not to mention the
standard-issue Glock.
the shoulder holster.
and he used police hand
signals back at the house.
Not a street cop.
No. Too smart.
You need to be in control.
So I'm gonna say detective.
Homicide or vice.
And he tries to hide it.
but he's from Queens.
Probably only been
up here a few years.
Hey. uh. you do me. too?
Huh?
Right here.
I almost feel bad taking this...
'cause you've basically
got a fucking neon sign
over your head that
reads "muscle."
Quebec. right?
You got bullied in school?
Probably by Dad. too.
So when you got bigger
than everyone else.
you turned the tables.
Made it into a career.
How much will this get me?
Wow. Really?
A 20?
That's cheap. considering
you come from money.
- It's true.
- Which means
you're only in
this for the kicks.
You don't get your hands dirty.
You use a keyboard
instead of a gun
and tell yourself that makes
what you do not as bad.
Good luck when the
illusion wears off.
Very good.
No cash.
Mm.
Then I'll just leave
it at "semper fi."
And you're getting off easy.
Hold on. now. you
forgot about me.
You don't want me to do you.
What you mean? This fun.
You're not a professional.
I'm the best motherfucking
wheelman in this town.
I didn't say
you weren't good.
I said you're not
a professional.
You've got... loose wiring.
Probably a sociopath.
And you are a junkie.
Cop knows a junkie.
Your little candy affectation.
Long sleeves.
Why you don't want to
have a drink with us.
You in recovery or something?
How many days you got?
- We gotta be worried about you?
- No.
No?
Don't ever fuck with me.
I will know.
I'm gonna go check on the girl.
I knew it. Junkies
never share candy.
What's happening?
How are you feeling?
Where am I? Who are you?
I can't tell you that.
- I want to go home.
- Me. too.
But we can't just yet.
Hopefully very soon.
Can you take the blindfold off?
It's really tight.
Are the cuffs hurting you?
My arms are sore.
Sit up.
Thanks.
Better?
What's going on?
We're keeping you here
until your father
gives us some money.
- Do you know who my father is?
- No.
And we don't want to
know. so don't tell me.
Can I...
Are you hungry? I could
bring you something to eat.
Are you gonna hurt me?
No.
If you behave and do as we say.
and if your dad gives us
money. you'll be fine.
In the meantime. I'm
here to keep you safe
and comfortable.
Can you promise me
you're not gonna
let anybody hurt me?
I'll do you one better.
I pinkie-promise you
that I'm not gonna
let anyone hurt you.
What's your name?
Um... Oh. you can call me Joey.
Do you have any kids?
I have a little boy.
About your age.
What's his name?
Mine's Abigail.
I can't tell you his name.
- Can I make one up?
- I'd rather you didn't.
I'm just gonna call him Justin.
What's Justin like?
He's...
just a...
normal kid.
What does he like?
Just normal kid stuff.
I don't really know
about kid stuff.
My dad. well...
he thought he wanted
a child. but...
then he just lost interest.
You've made a mistake.
He doesn't care about me.
I'm gonna leave you alone now.
I'll be back soon.
Really soon. okay?
Okay.
- Joey?
- Yeah?
I'm sorry about what's
gonna happen to you.
- Yeah. motherfucker!
- Oh!
Drink. bitch!
I really don't want to.
Oh. my God.
- I like your tattoos.
- Mm-hmm.
Do they have. uh.
a meaning or...
We're not supposed to
get personal. big boy.
Well. I know. but I
like your little demon guy.
I just said
it's too personal.
Thank you. You don't
even know my name. man.
- How's the kid?
- She's fine.
Look. I don't need to know
who the girl's father is.
- but do you know?
- No. Why?
She just implied that
her father might be
- a particularly violent man.
- Wow.
She implied that.
did she? Well...
of course she
fucking implied that.
She's scared. She
wants to rattle you.
I don't think so.
Again. do you know
who her father is?
Oh. my God. you're gonna be
a real pain in my
ass. aren't you?
There's one in every crew.
No. sir.
I just don't scare easy. so
when I do. I pay attention.
Yes! I like that one.
You're just missing
so you have to finish
the whole bottle. aren't you?
I don't know why
you would say that.
Oh. that's bad.
- Ha!
- I like you.
- You're scary. though.
- Really?
- Scary?
- Yeah.
Why am I scary?
Ha!
You're funny.
- Oh. that's bad.
- Your turn.
I don't have
a quarter. man.
Oh. fuck!
Fuck! Shit. Christ.
Look away! Don't
fucking look at me!
You see my face? You
see my fucking face?
Huh? Are you lying to me?
- No.
- You fucking lying to me?
- No. I'm-I'm not!
- Don't lie to me.
What color are my eyes?
What color are my eyes?!
It's a simple fucking
question. kid!
I didn't see your face!
Well... good!
Who the fuck is your father?
Jo... Joey said you
didn't want to know.
Well. fuck Joey!
I do want to know!
- Who the fuck is your father?
- Okay.
I'm-I'm sorry.
- Who is your father?
- My father is...
Kristof Lazaar.
The fuck did you say?
♪ Why don't you
hear me cryin'? ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ A-whoo-hoo... ♪
Yo. what's going on. bagman?
I'm leaving.
- What?
- You heard me.
You cut up my share
however you want.
I'm out.
Whoa. Hey.
What happened?
Hey! You can't just leave
without telling us
what's going on.
What's going on? What's going
on is that we are fucked.
That little girl is
Kristof Lazaar's daughter.
- Shit.
- Who's Kristof Lazaar?
Who's Lazaar?
Bruh. that's a
urban legend. man.
- Calm down.
- No. dude.
He's not a fucking urban legend.
He is very fucking
real. believe me.
Nobody even knows how big
his fucking empire is.
So he's. like. a crime boss?
He controls a lot
more than just crime.
Is Lambert
fucking insane?
He just put a death
mark on all of us.
Including himself.
What if we just. like.
you know. like. give
her back and say sorry?
Oh. yeah.
"Here's your daughter.
Mr. fucking Antichrist.
"We're really sorry. Hope
she's not too traumatized.
Let's play a round
of golf sometime."
Fuck you. Frank.
This isn't the time
for sarcasm. okay?
Let's just leave.
We leave her with some food and
make an anonymous phone call.
get the fuck out of Dodge.
I like that.
It's not like she's
seen our faces.
Uh. actually. she
has. thanks to you.
I was supposed to be the only
one in and out of that room.
- And I wore my mask.
- Well. I didn't.
so I walk in there to
see Angelina Ballerina
memorizing my fucking face.
Major party foul.
Why did you take off
her blindfold. Joey?
It's messy.
Now we have to kill her.
Not a fucking chance.
We're not killing the girl.
She saw Frank's face.
Even if Lazaar
catches up to him.
he don't know shit about us.
He knows that I'm Quebecois.
Huh? He knows that
Sammy comes from money.
He knows that you come
from a military background.
thanks to Joey.
Just had to do your little
magic trick. didn't you?
Hold up.
If we just leave her here.
then we don't get
none of that money?
Kind of need some money
real bad right now.
I don't know about y'all.
How much do you trust Lambert?
I trust him enough.
That doesn't make it
worth the risk. though.
If seven million per person
isn't worth the risk.
then what is?
It's a lot of money.
All right. he wouldn't
have had us kidnap the kid
if he didn't think we
could pull this off.
so maybe we all just pretend
like we don't know
who her father is.
and with the money
we're making from this.
we just disappear forever. Hmm?
Start a new life.
I never have to see any
of you fucks ever again.
Everyone stay alert.
Any threat is gonna
come from outside.
so we set a perimeter
and we hold it.
Rickles takes first
watch in the crow's nest.
Joey. secure the interior.
Look for any ways in or out.
What is it. like.
22 more hours. hmm?
22 hours.
Fuck.
What a dick.
Subtitle | www.movieddl.me
I thought I heard
someone out here.
I'm not as stealthy
as I thought.
Want to come in?
I sort of have
this reputation of
being a professional.
So...
And so you have to do your job.
Hey. listen.
I don't trust any of
these other fucks.
So let's watch
each other's backs.
I was thinking the same thing.
I'm
that hungry little kitty cat
you just read about.
I'm so hungry I could
eat a... a woodpecker.
Yeah. that's it.
Oh. my God!
- What the fuck?!
- No. it-it's me.
It's Dean. it's Dean.
- I'm sorry.
- What the fuck. Dean?!
Just was trying to prank you.
- I'm sorry.
- It's not funny.
You can have it.
- Get out!
- Listen.
I saw the way you was
looking at me earlier.
and I thought we could just.
like. you know. vibe out or...
- Get the fuck out!
- Hey.
- I'm not looking at you. man.
- Whoa. whoa.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
- Get the fuck out!
Stupid motherfucker!
- God!
- I didn't mean to scare you.
I don't give a shit!
- Are you sure?
- Fuck off!
Get the fuck out!
Go! Get the fuck out!
- All right.
- Get out!
Don't come back!
Now. my fine pigeon...
I'm going to pick you dry.
What the fuck?
Hello?
Is someone down there?
What the fuck?!
Scared the shit out of
me. little motherfuckers.
Man. fuck this shit.
Ow! Oh. shit!
Help me! Help...
You're just in time for dinner.
Yeah?
What are you going
to have for dinner?
Help me! Help!
Dean?
Dean. you better not be
fucking with me again.
Hey!
Stupid.
You little shit.
Can't...
Sammy?
What? What happened?
His head fell off.
I don't know.
Why do you have a
dick on your face?
- What?
- Just go get them.
Go get them!
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Help! Help!
What the fuck were you
doing down here. anyway?
I couldn't sleep.
I heard something.
What. you just had to come
and check it out. huh?
You
think I could do that?
Be honest. What does
that look like to you?
It looks like a fucking wild
animal ripped him apart.
No. No. No. I'm not fu...
We're not fucking going there.
Oh. fuck.
Why are you all acting so weird?
There are stories
about Lazaar's hit man.
- Can we not do this. please?
- Valdez.
I heard a story once.
Three of Lazaar's top guys
got pinched a few years ago.
The FBI flipped 'em.
Night before the trial.
they were all holed up
on the top floor of a hotel.
A dozen agents in the next
room and two on the door.
Next morning. FBI
goes into the room.
All they bodies
are ripped apart.
Limbs... and organs missing.
Decapitations.
That's his signature. Valdez.
He's a fucking animal.
And there was no way
in and out of that room
except for the front door
or the 23rd-story window.
So how'd he do it?
- Bullshit.
- It's not fucking bullshit.
That's not the first
time I heard that story.
We'd better check on the girl.
All right. let's game this out.
If Valdez or anyone
else is in here.
that means Lambert gave us up.
And I don't buy that.
Or Lazaar got to him and
beat our location out of him.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Lambert is a meticulous
motherfucker.
He's very. very careful.
If he gave us up. that means
either one of us did it
or Valdez is in
here and he did it.
Or one of us is Valdez.
I. for one. would like to
revisit the cut-and-run idea.
Yeah. but...
Wrinkles. now that Dean is dead.
we have a bigger share.
You're welcome to
my share. Pete.
You could be the richest
headless man in America.
Okay.
- He just died.
- Okay.
So messed up.
Hello?
She's fine.
Just because she's
still in there doesn't mean
that Valdez is not here.
I'm out.
You coming?
Suit yourself.
- You're leaving?
- Bye-bye.
Bye. Wrinkles.
Come on.
Rickles.
Hey!
Where the fuck
did that come from?
What the fuck?
Wrinkles.
Stand back.
It's locked.
Thanks. Peter.
Uh... what the
fuck is happening?
I think that.
uh. trying the door.
it. uh... it-it triggered
it or something.
Fuck.
This whole thing is a trap.
Shit!
Wrinkles! Where's...?
Hey. Where's Wrinkles going?
If this is Valdez. maybe
he checked on the girl
and left her there
to throw us off.
I'll see what I can find out.
What the fuck?
I need to ask you something.
Has anyone besides me
and the man with the
glasses been in here?
No.
No one at all?
Hey.
Can you pinkie-promise me that
you're not keeping a secret?
Abigail.
He's gonna hurt me.
- Who?
- The man with the glasses.
He told me I had to keep
a secret or he'd hurt me.
What did he say?
It's okay. You can tell me.
Abigail.
Hey.
I'm not gonna let him hurt you.
But I need you to
tell me what he said.
He said he works for my father.
He said his name was...
Valdez.
I need to talk to you right now.
I'll be right outside.
Someone stole my fucking rifle.
Frank is Valdez.
- What?
- He told the girl.
Frank wanted to leave. That
doesn't make any sense.
He acted like he
wanted to leave.
If he's Valdez and
Lazaar's his boss.
then why kidnap his kid?
Maybe he and Lambert are
planning a power play.
That skinny
motherfucker rips people apart?
Something doesn't add up.
Aside from Frank. these
guys are amateurs.
- You're Army. right?
- Medic.
- We can take 'em.
If it's Frank. he'll
know how to get out.
Which means so
would I if I spend
about six minutes with him.
You take the other two.
Take the main staircase
while I go south.
We meet in the middle.
We gonna get through this.
I have to.
You have a kid?
We'll make sure you get home.
Rickles?
This is so fucking disgusting.
God. what the fuck?
Where's Frank?
Don't point that at Sammy. Joey.
Seen Frank?
House this fancy. you'd think
they could put fucking
towels in the...
Oh. Hey. Joey.
What's going on?
Why'd you do it?
Do what?
Bring us here to kill us.
Don't do it. Peter!
I don't know what the
fuck you're talking about.
but you don't sound
very calm right now.
Little Miss Paranoid. so
forgive the precaution.
You guys know what the
fuck she's talking about?
I think she thinks that you
brought us here to kill us.
Wow. Fantastic insight. Peter.
Care to share what's
on your mind. Joey?
You're Valdez.
You told the girl.
you killed Dean.
and you just killed Rickles.
Mr. Wrinkles is dead?
- I didn't tell that girl shit.
- Bullshit.
Wow. You got a lot going
on up there. junkie.
but your brain's not quite
putting it together. huh?
You let a little girl
get inside your head?
You're not as smart
as you think you are.
The girl. though.
she's fucking inspired.
turning us against
each other like this.
I believe her.
Hmm.
Well. I hate to
say it. but I think
we're gonna have to
get rough with her.
No.
I'll do it.
Don't take another
fucking step. Peter.
It. uh... it's my job. Joey.
Look. I just want to get to
the bottom of this. you know?
My team is dropping
like flies. and...
well. our guest has
besmirched my good name.
and I take that very
personally. you know?
Abigail?
I'm very sorry. okay?
Joey. what's happening?
Just sorting something out.
I'm just trying
to do my job. huh?
Fucking put it down.
I'd really prefer not to
have to fucking shoot you.
- What is he talking about?
- Get up.
Frank.
just shoot her.
She's not gonna kill me.
I might be wrong. Frank.
- Joey. I'm scared.
- Fucking put it down.
- I'm not fucking around here.
- You promised. Joey.
I'm doing my best here. Abigail.
Please point
that somewhere else.
You're not
touching that girl.
- Okay.
- Put it the fuck down.
Sammy. little
help would be nice.
Don't pull
Sammy into this.
We need to
know what she knows.
Just let me
fucking talk to her.
- No. no. no. no. no. I'll talk to her.
- Peter.
- Guys?
- You step the fuck back.
Put it down. or you
can die right fucking now.
- Guys. come on.
- Don't fucking try me!
- Guys!
- Sammy!
Sammy. shut the fuck up!
What the fuck? How the fuck'd
she get out of those cuffs?
Huh?
- Holy fuck!
- Aah! Get her off of me!
Fuck!
Jesus fucking Christ.
- Did-did she get me?
- Fuck.
What the fuck?
- Oh. fuck.
- Aah! No. no. no. no.
- No fucking way!
- What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck? What the fuck?
We kidnapped a fucking vampire.
A ballerina vampire.
Someone has been messing with
us ever since we got here.
Right? It's got to be.
uh. some kind of trick.
I don't know anyone that could
pull off a trick like that.
- Do you?
- I feel sick.
At least Valdez isn't in here.
The fucking girl is
Valdez. you moron.
I thought her name was Abigail.
She isn't... There isn't a...
Jesus fucking Christ.
Shit. We got to
get out of here.
There's got to be another way.
No. I checked all
the other doors.
These are some kind of
magnetically sealed locks.
and these shutters
are two inches thick.
You think you can
hack the locks?
- With what Internet?
- I don't know.
You-you can't do it manually?
Well. even if I could.
I don't have any equipment.
You know. there's got to
be. like. a control room
or something.
Okay. What do we
know about vampires?
Th-That they're not real.
What are we talking
about. like Anne Rice
or True Blood. you
know. Twilight?
Very different kind of vampires.
Okay. we know they
feed off blood.
We're really doing
this right now?
They can turn other
people into vampires.
Oh. Okay. fuck it.
Um. they can turn into
bats and stuff like that.
Mind control. they
make you do shit.
They don't have a reflection.
Not listening to this.
Okay. how do we kill a vampire?
- Garlic.
- A stake through the heart.
- Crucifixes.
- Holy water.
Oh. you're a
fucking priest now?
- Daylight is a big one.
- Oh. that's a good one.
but it's. mm. 3:30 in
the fucking morning.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut
up. Shut the fuck up!
Hey. dum-dum. we got a real
fucking situation here.
So I don't give a
shit what you think.
Either you're helping us.
or you're 270 pounds
of dead weight.
Which is it?
Helping.
Just don't do that again.
There's pool cues
in the game room.
Go sharpen 'em into stakes.
Okay.
You. go check the
kitchen for garlic.
Alone?
- Yes. alone.
- Yep.
What are you thinking?
I say we tool up
and we kill her.
That's a mistake.
You said it yourself.
This girl is smart.
She's been manipulating
us from the start.
We don't know if any of
this stuff is gonna work.
And even if it does.
killing her would be the
stupidest thing we could do.
And why is that?
Because we lose the only
bargaining chip we have.
Well. what do you suggest?
We trade her to
Lazaar for our lives.
No. I'm not betting our
lives on your fucking hunch.
I'm telling you. she's
gonna see you coming.
No. Debate is over.
Decision made. Okay?
I got 'em!
Sammy. those are fucking onions.
Well...
I don't cook. I don't know.
All right. let's go kill
us a fuckin'... vampire.
Good luck.
Oh. I'm not going. I
already told you why.
And if you put your hand
around my neck. you'll lose it.
I'm not gonna touch you.
Go put your feet up.
You two. on me. Let's
hit the kitchen first.
Fucking onions.
Fuck.
Let's fucking go.
What the fuck?
What's happening?
Let's... let's just talk.
- Fuck!
- Holy shit!
Fucking help me. you fuckers!
Oh. fuck!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Jesus!
Oh. Christ!
You're so
bloody and so gross.
Ah. Jesus. Mary and
motherfucking son of a bitch!
Oh. fuck!
Oh. if you fucking
say. "I told you so."
Oh. shit.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Oh! Motherfucker!
- Why didn't she kill you?
- She is fucking with us.
Oh. fuck!
I'm guessing none of
those weapons worked.
Well. the stake worked
on my fucking leg.
and she used the crucifix
on Peter like a fucking
pincushion. and the
garlic did fuck all!
- Shh. Shh.
- Well. I have one thing
we know does work.
When I jabbed her with
this. she was out. out.
If we can corner her.
it's nighty-night.
The Sleeping Beauty
act was bullshit.
No. it wasn't.
I checked her pulse.
and her breathing
was slow and steady.
We split up.
Whoever finds her first
alerts me through the comms.
and I come running
with the syringe.
That's
great that you're
the only one with a
weapon that works.
Listen. you sit here and
bleed. or you trust me.
Yeah.
Sammy?
Okay.
Fuck.
Check in.
All's clear
on the east side.
Nothing on two... yet.
There's no vampires here.
Not that I'm actually looking.
Channel's
still open. dick face.
Put that fucking bottle down
and fucking do something.
Can she turn into a rat?
'Cause I might be
looking right at her.
Maybe she can join the pack.
Oh. now I get it.
I get the... I
get the name now.
I get it. The Rat Pack. right?
Yeah.
That's funny.
Fuck! Fuck.
Sammy. your comms
are cutting out.
Sammy. Sammy?
Fuck!
What is it?
There's bodies!
Bodies in the pool!
What?
Shit.
No!
Huh.
Peter!
I got a splinter...
on my finger.
A huge one from
the stupid stick.
A little more concerned with
the bodies in the pool. Peter.
How
many bodies we talking?
Like. two. three?
Oh. shit. Oh. shit.
Peter. stop fucking around.
Vampire on my ass!
Vampire!
Take that.
All right. I got her trapped
in the upstairs hallway. so...
Holy fuck! Vam...
Vampire!
Oh...
Oh. shit.
- Ugh. What the fuck?
- I'm here.
Oh. shit. Shit.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. shit.
What color are my eyes. Frank?
Sammy?
Sammy. help me!
Sammy. Sammy.
Sammy. help me. Sammy.
Sammy. help.
Oh. come on.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. What the fuck?
She's fucking flying!
Fuck! What the fuck?!
Joey!
I can't hold her
much longer. Come on!
Do it now. Come on!
Joey! Jesus
fucking Christ. come on!
Joey? Joey?
Fucking bitch!
I'll kill you fucking fucks!
I'll rip your fucking heads off
and gorge myself on your blood!
Yeah?
Oh. yes.
Sammy?
What the fuck's
gonna happen to me?
How do you feel?
I feel like I got bit
by a fucking vampire.
What the fuck is gonna
happen to me?! Huh?!
What's gonna happen to me?
I don't know.
Yeah.
We want to talk.
Please. please let me out.
I'm scared.
Cut the shit.
You're really good at
pretending to be a little girl.
Thank you.
I've had a few
centuries of experience.
Tell us how to get out of here.
and we'll let you go.
No.
Hey. what's gonna happen to me?
Am I gonna turn into a vampire?
Maybe.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
- She said maybe!
- It's okay.
Listen. little lady.
or ma'am. whatever.
We're very sorry. okay?
We didn't know who you were.
We thought you were just a
regular 12-year-old girl.
You were gonna beat
me and torture me
when you thought I was just
a regular 12-year-old girl.
Yeah. well...
Like I say. we're very sorry.
We would never have taken you
if we knew who your father was.
You did work for
him. didn't you?
Haven't you wondered why
I brought you all here?
You brought us here?
Jesus Christ.
There was never any money.
I planned all of this.
Lambert works for me.
- What are you talking about?
- Don't you know. Jessie?
What did you just call me?
Jessica Hurney.
You started your
career siphoning money
from your affluent
parents' bank accounts.
Hedge funds came next.
then private offshore accounts.
and eventually.
much bigger fish.
One in particular.
I can give it back.
Terrence Lacroix.
Muscle for the Montreal
Broussard family.
Did it bore you.
snapping necks for pay?
Enduring endless taunts
from your colleagues
about your stunted intellect?
Is that why you
stole from your crew.
who just happened to be a
tiny subsidiary of our empire?
How long did the
money last. you weak.
disloyal inebriate?
Former Detective Adam Barrett.
You thought you could
infiltrate our New York arm
under deep cover.
But you liked the life a
little too much. didn't you?
The power you had when you were
free of rules and regulations.
It became an addiction.
How empty did you feel
when you finally arrested
our three lieutenants
you'd worked so hard
to get close to?
And how empty did you feel
after I ripped up their bodies
in the hotel penthouse
because of you?
You changed your name.
you left town. and you
never saw your family again.
But it wasn't for
their safety. was it.
Detective Barrett?
Finally. we have the tragic
Ana Lucia Cruz.
Former Army medic
drummed out of service
for shooting up
Uncle Sam's morphine.
I was injured in the field.
You tried to take
care of your son.
before abandoning him to
his fuckup of a father.
Shut up.
You became an underground doctor
for some very shady people.
But one day. you were just
too high to do your job.
and instead of
removing a bullet.
you nicked an artery.
and someone very important to
my father's business bled out.
But you and Detective Barrett
have something in common.
You never went
back for your son.
Shut the fuck up!
And what do you
tell yourself. huh?
That you want to be your
daddy's little errand girl?
No. he did lose interest in you.
That wasn't a lie.
How many of your father's
enemies do you think
you're gonna have to kill
until he loves you again?
If this is about revenge.
why didn't you just kill us?
- Why'd you bring us here?
- Because it isn't.
- This is just a game to her.
- Bullshit.
She was screaming at the house.
and Dad triggered the alarm.
That wasn't even her father.
That wasn't Lazaar.
And for what. because
you're fucking bored?
For your fucking entertainment?
What can I say?
I like playing with my food.
You're the same as all the other
meat sacks I've brought
here over the years.
Nothing different
about any of you.
Nothing special.
Just something to
help me pass the time.
Quick question.
Who's inside a cage right now?
If you let me out. I'll
let two of you live.
Oh. Which two?
What?
- It's a surprise.
- Fuck this.
Let's just kill her now.
You tried that. Frank.
If you would like
to open this door
and try again. please do.
My offer just expired.
Now I'll only let
one of you live--
whoever lets me out.
She's fucking lying. moron.
You touch that door. you're
as dead as the rest of us.
Maybe it's worth a try.
We have her. Peter.
That's why we did this--
so we can trade
her for our lives.
That will never happen.
Joey was right.
No matter how many
of you I kill.
my father doesn't love me.
and he's not gonna
trade anything for me.
So go on. Peter. let me out.
Go on.
Peter. if you touch that
door. I will shoot you.
I'm sorry. guys.
Aah! You shot me! You shot me!
I barely grazed you.
Now give me your gun
so I can patch you up.
You're sure crazy.
I prefer "impatient."
Frank. help me out.
Sammy. watch her.
Fuck
that shit. Mm-mm.
- Sammy.
- I'm not staying down here...
with that.
Fuck that shit. Joey.
I got this.
Fine.
- Ow.
- You okay?
Getting
shot hurts. Sammy.
Oh. fuck.
The offer still stands. Frank.
Open the door. and I'll let
you keep all your blood.
- Oh.
- Organs. too.
Sure.
I'm serious. You
could be useful to us.
Why don't you... tell me...
how to get the fuck out of here.
and I'll consider it.
If I told you. you'd
just leave me here.
You first.
You know what?
My offer just expired.
Have fun spending eternity
in a fucking elevator.
Wait.
I'll tell you.
But you have to let me out
immediately after I do.
All right.
Fine.
It's a deal.
There's a secret
door in the library.
The bookshelf on the right wall.
And Then There Were None.
Hmm.
Very good.
Thanks.
Wait.
A deal's a deal.
Oh. right.
The deal.
Ain't I a Silly Billy?
Still gullible at your age.
you fucking freak?
What's so fucking funny?
- The library.
- Oh. shit.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
You looking for some
light reading. Frank?
Shut the fuck up.
And Then There Were None.
Agatha fucking Christie.
You fucking playing me?
Fucking ballerina fuck.
Stupid fucking dancing
fucking vampire fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
You good?
So what the fuck now?
She was already healing.
You saw it. too.
Keep an eye on the door.
Stay in the light.
Grab something.
We're gonna break
through this wall.
Will you fucking stop already?
She's not going anywhere.
She's waiting for it to
get dark. and then...
we're fucked!
Fuck!
Goddamn it.
Aw. You
run out of candy?
I'm scared.
Was that true?
What she said about your son?
That you left him?
Yeah.
But I got clean.
And I was gonna go back for him.
That was...
That is the plan.
That's good.
How often do you
get to talk to him?
Tried calling him.
I just. um...
I can't do it.
That's why I took this job.
With that money. I can
start over. you know?
A reset.
Boo-hoo.
Fucking bullshit.
It's not about the money.
The money's an excuse.
You didn't go back for your kid
'cause you're scared of
being a piece-of-shit mother.
God. everybody's got to
be a fucking victim now.
"Oh. I left 'cause
I was on drugs."
"Oh. I was on drugs
'cause I got hurt."
Own your fucking shit and go
and be a mother to that kid.
Oh. I'm sorry. Did I
hit a fucking nerve?
Reset.
Oh. my God.
I don't need to hack the locks.
I just need to find
a power source.
And if I can find
the power source.
then we can just short it.
What. are you gonna
unplug the fucking house?
Okay. we
search the house.
Two teams.
And we don't stop
until we find it.
Well. who's going
with Twilight here?
I'll go with you.
I. uh. saw your reflection
in this earlier.
Oh. my God.
Let's go.
- Fuck this job.
- Fucking dream team.
Oh. no. no. Stay close.
I got you.
Not seeing anything yet.
What about you guys?
Eh. nothing.
Stay alert.
She's toying with us.
There's nothing here.
You got any other
bright ideas. Nosferatu?
Goddamn it.
Why did you all listen to me?
This isn't gonna work.
This is so fucking stupid.
Sammy.
Listen to me.
You got people out there
that you care about?
Hmm?
Sammy.
I have people. too.
So. you and me.
we're gonna go find
that power source.
We're gonna get the
fuck out of here.
- You think so?
- Yes.
You and me.
You're my friend.
Okay.
Jessica.
You're mine.
Help.
Jessica.
You're mine.
Huh.
Well. there's nothing here.
But don't worry. because...
Sammy?
Huh.
Mmm.
SAMMY and ABIGAIL: Peter.
ABIGAIL and SAMMY:
You drink too much.
Sammy. Sammy.
Sammy.
SAMMY and ABIGAIL:
Sammy's not here.
♪ Blood and tears... ♪
Help.
She's on the east side.
Oh. fuck!
Shit.
Sammy. we're on our way.
♪ Been crying ♪
♪ You cry a thousand tears ♪
♪ Darling. don't despair ♪
♪ I know your heart
still bleeds ♪
♪ Darling. don't you care ♪
♪ There's blood ♪
♪ In your... ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You cry a thousand tears ♪
♪ Darling. don't despair ♪
♪ I know your heart
still bleeds ♪
♪ Darling. don't you care ♪
♪ There's blood ♪
♪ In your tears ♪
Sammy!
♪ Blood and tears ♪
♪ Blood and tears. ♪
Oh. no!
Oh. no.
Sammy?
He's dead.
She got him.
Oh. no.
- What happened?
- Shh.
She's still in here.
Come over here.
Fine.
Run.
What?
Fuck.
Here. Here.
I've always hated this room.
My father turned me in here.
Lot of painful memories.
But it's never too
late to make new ones.
Holy shit.
That was fucking...
Whoa.
Now what do we do about
the real fucking problem?
- Well. that's a...
- Trap?
What the fuck else
are we gonna do?
I'm the best
motherfucking
wheelman in this town.
I
didn't say you weren't good.
I said you're not
a professional.
You've got loose wiring.
Probably a sociopath.
And you are a junkie.
Cop knows a junkie.
Your little candy affectation.
Long sleeves.
The way you don't want
to have a drink with us.
You in recovery or something?
What the fuck. you
backstabbing son of a...
Oh. fuck!
You're one of them!
He's one of them!
No shit. Frank.
What the fuck is
happening. motherfucker?
I brought you back here
to offer you a deal.
We're not taking
any fucking deals.
I wasn't talking to you.
Shit.
You fucking set me up.
Abigail turned me two years ago.
She found out I helped
you in New York.
She came for me and
threatened my family.
Now all I do is bring
her father's enemies here
so that she can play
her little hunting game.
But I am done.
What's your fucking point?
You can die here.
or you can help me kill Abigail.
Help me take her.
and you can have anything
you fucking want.
But you'll need
a little upgrade.
I'm not gonna become a
fucking puppet like Sammy.
- Fuck no.
- No.
You'd be just like me.
You'd get the
complete treatment.
Total autonomy.
Frank.
I've told
Lazaar there's a problem.
He's on his way.
We'll kill the girl.
we'll kill her father.
and we'll take over the
whole fucking thing.
Frank. Please...
Fuck it.
Bite me.
Fuck!
Drink.
Yes. drink. and
you'll be one of us.
Yes.
Oh.
You're still with us.
Frank.
meet your first victim.
That's for setting me
up. you undead prick.
Oh. yeah.
I feel fucking great.
Frank.
I told you not to fuck with me.
Please.
You better fucking run.
So you found Lambert.
Did he try to convince you
to take it all before
you killed him?
Our game ends here.
I've made sure of that.
No. Fuck.
I fucking hate ballet.
Hello?
Hey. Caleb. It's Mom.
Gotcha. Ha-ha.
Can't come to the phone right
now. but leave a message.
I...
I love you so much.
And I'm so proud of you.
You're the one
good...
You're the one good
thing I did in life.
And I just needed
you to hear that.
I love you so much.
my sweet. sweet boy.
And I always have.
Aw.
Sorry to interrupt.
It's a little late
to be a good mom now.
don't you think?
You fucking junkie.
I'm gonna fucking
kill you. Frank.
Oh. yeah?
Why don't
you just kill me?
Where's the fun in that?
You want to have some fun?
All right.
Let's have some fun.
I'm gonna make you
my fucking puppet.
And then we're gonna go
see that kid of yours.
And I'm gonna make you kill him.
I'm too weak to take him alone.
Help me kill him.
and I'll let you go.
You can see your son again.
♪ I got the
whole fucking world ♪
♪ In my hands. ♪
Well. well. well.
Look who came to join the party.
If you
want to kill me.
you have to drain me.
Wait there.
Isn't this fun?
No. No.
You ready to join the team?
Oh. yeah.
Wakey-wakey. little puppet.
Oh. hey there.
I think it's time to play...
...my game.
Frank says. "Pick it up."
Frank says. "Get the fuck up."
Frank says. "Kill the girl."
Oh. God!
You little fuck!
You don't fucking quit.
You thought
you could just
make her your puppet?
Here's the thing about
being a vampire. Frank.
It takes a long fucking time
to learn how to do
all the cool shit.
Oh. fu...
Thank you.
No problem.
Am I...?
You're fine. now that he's dead.
Um...
I think I'm gonna...
Yeah.
I hope you get Justin back.
It's Caleb.
I know.
For what it's worth. you
just have to show up.
Father.
Lazaar.
I've gone by many names
over the countless years.
Father. don't.
I can
smell your blood.
- You don't understand.
- I can taste it.
Please stop!
She saved my life!
Abigail!
She was here when you weren't.
I came when you needed me.
Oh.
I'm here now.
Mmm.
I think you should leave.
It's getting awfully close
to dinnertime.
See you around. Joey.
What the fuck?
♪ I smile in the
mirror in silence ♪
♪ I sharpen my teeth with gold ♪
♪ I burn my tongue
with violence ♪
♪ My eyes turn blood to stone ♪
♪ There's a devil on my
shoulder. I feel it ♪
♪ Burning my face with hope ♪
♪ There's a monster in
the mirror in my spirit ♪
♪ We can't spend too
much time alone ♪
♪ I hide from the world ♪
♪ I know myself ♪
♪ Who's that running away? ♪
♪ Drag my feet on new pavement ♪
♪ Holster on my
hip like a baby ♪
♪ I was born innocent
with no patience ♪
♪ My pacifier tastes
like whiskey ♪
♪ There's a devil on my
shoulder. I feel it ♪
♪ Burning my face with hope ♪
♪ There's a monster in
the mirror in my spirit ♪
♪ We can't spend too
much time alone ♪
♪ I hide from the world ♪
♪ I know myself ♪
♪ Who's that running away? ♪
♪ I stand on the
edge of my own way ♪
♪ Who's that running away? ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-